Rename SAP Cloud Platform to SAP Business Technology Platform (#184)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/rest/overview.mdx

### Pregenerated Type-Safe REST API Client

We ship pre-generated type-safe REST API clients as modules in collaboration with popular SAP services available on SAP Business Technology Platform and beyond.

Depending on the scope modules could be available only internally within SAP or publicly released.

> The [SAP Business Technology Platform Workflow API](clients/scp-workflow-rest-api) is an example of a publicly released API module.

Author: ```suggestion
The [SAP Workflow service API](clients/scp-workflow-rest-api) is an example of a publicly released API module.
```
